README.md, before:

# Ktor Server Multiplatform Plugins Library
![Build status](https://github.com/idoflax/flax-ktor-plugins/actions/workflows/build-and-publish-main.yml/badge.svg?event=push)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/idoflax/flax-ktor-plugins?color=blue&logo=kotlin)
<a href="file:/Users/ido/IdeaProjects/flax-ktor-plugins/build/reports/kover/html/index.html">![koverage](https://img.shields.io/badge/91.7-green?logo=kotlin&label=koverage&style=flat)</a>

This project provides a suite of useful, efficient, and customizable plugins for your Ktor Server or Client, crafted in Kotlin, available for multiplatform.

## Features

These plugins offer a wide range of features designed to provide additional layers of control, security, and utility to your server or client.

* **Rate Limiting Plugin**: Limit the number of requests a client can make in a specific time window. This plugin also offers whitelist and blacklist features for hosts, principals, and user-agents. You can configure custom responses for blacklisted callers or when the rate limit is exceeded.

* **Circuit Breaker Plugin**:  Enhance system resilience by halting requests to failing services once a defined error threshold is reached. The plugin automatically switches between open and closed states based on the health of the targeted service, allowing it to recover. Configuration options include failure thresholds, fallback responses, and reset intervals, making it a pivotal tool in ensuring smooth system operations.

## Usage

Please refer to the readme of the relevant plugin subproject

Detailed usage is available in the tests and in [examples repository](https://github.com/idoflax/flax-ktor-plugins/ktor-plugins-examples)

## Installation

This library is available via a JAR file that can be included in your Kotlin or Java project, or as a library to be included in your Gradle/Maven project.

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome! If you have an idea for a plugin or want to improve an existing one, feel free to fork this repository and submit a pull request.

Commit message:

Feat(Kafka): added kafka plugin (#6)
* Reorganized rate limiting plugin code, added global rate limiter option (unstable)

* feat(kafka-server-plugin): All ITs pass

* feat(DSL): improvements to kafka configuration DSL

* feat(documentation): see below. bumped all to 1.2.0
- fixed kover badges not appearing, referring to new version and name, lowered coverage min bound to 60 (need to increase kafka coverage while enabling custom min bound for sub projects)
- kafka: added readme, added kdocs, added license credit to original creators
- added pr title action
 
Restructured project to flaxoos namespace

README.md, after:

# Ktor Server Multiplatform Plugins Library
![Build status](https://github.com/flaxoos/flax-ktor-plugins/actions/workflows/build-and-publish-main.yml/badge.svg?event=push)
![Language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/flaxoos/flax-ktor-plugins?color=blue&logo=kotlin)
<a href="file:/Users/ido/IdeaProjects/flax-ktor-plugins/build/reports/kover/html/index.html">![koverage](https://img.shields.io/badge/94.42-green?logo=kotlin&label=koverage&style=flat)</a>

This project provides a suite of useful, efficient, and customizable plugins for your Ktor Server or Client, crafted in Kotlin, available for multiplatform.

## Features

These plugins offer a wide range of features designed to provide additional layers of control, security, and utility to your server or client.

## **Server Plugins**

| Plugin               | Platform Support | Description                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|----------------------|------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Kafka Plugin         | JVM              | Sets up a Kafka client admin, producer, and consumer using a dedicated DSL. Allows consumption logic definition during the installation phase.                                                     |
| Rate Limiting Plugin | JVM / Native     | Limits the number of requests a client can make within a specific time window. Offers whitelist and blacklist features for hosts, principals, and user-agents. Custom responses can be configured. |

## Supported Platforms for Plugins

| Plugin                     | Platform Support | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|----------------------------|------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Circuit Breaker Plugin** | JVM / Native     | Enhances system resilience by halting requests to failing services once a defined error threshold is reached. Automatically switches between open and closed states based on the health of the targeted service. |


## Usage

Please refer to the readme of the relevant plugin subproject

## Installation

This library is available via a JAR file that can be included in your Kotlin or Java project, or as a library to be included in your Gradle/Maven project.

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome! If you have an idea for a plugin or want to improve an existing one, feel free to fork this repository and submit a pull request.

### Notes for contributors
If you want to build this locally, there is a dependency on a custom gradle plugin for adding the test coverage badge. As of 30/9/2023, it's gradle plugin portal status is still pending, so the plugin is available via github packages. Because github public packages still requires a token for reading, and token can't and shouldn't be committed, please contact me at idoflax@gmail.com and I will provide you the token. Alternatively, you can pull the plugin project from [here](https://github.com/Flaxoos/flax-gradle-plugins) and build it yourself, or just disable the kover-badge plugin, it won't affect the build.
